you do not in an episode like that you
do not give me a boom they're just get
me fucking 400 they just give me a
fucking cliff hanger they just get me a
fucking cliff hanger wow this has to be
one of the worst cliffhangers I have
seen from this week of anime this entire
week this is probably one of the worst
cliffhangers just because of what it did
and where it left off Oh baby steps she
fucking kill me you kill me you
seriously freaking kill me I mean
seriously I've been waiting all day to
watch this episode I've only sit down
and watch this episode and all of a
sudden oh this will determine max point
break point and guess what I'm like you
fucking no no no what I just asked why
why is your havin to be fucking clip
beggar seriously oh ok ok let me call
him down episode baby steps episode 16
or 1700 the exact episode but anyways
this episode was good attention all the
fuck intention man it gives you a long
baby steps seriously seriously I mean
I've said this enough baby steps is dust
shit it is it's probably one of my
favorite swartz anime I am watching
seriously it's the most realistic
fucking sport anime I've seen at the
same time the way they can build up that
tension in the matches is just
phenomenal and fantastic it is because
when you see a challange countering in
this episode I was like yes yes it was
so good it was a such a good moment in
this episode this episode has those
freaking fills emotions definitely had
me looking at the screens like yes do it
and hang all that it did it betrayed
those emotions properly I had the
emotions with the music playing and
everything looks really good I'm upset
it would end like that honestly the
episode ended like
because this episode had me so freaking
pumped over all the episode was good it
was a really good episode because it
shows you that H on is now starting to
take guess work in predictions against
his enemy and being able to tell where
they're going to serve their ball at
that's exactly what this episode did and
it definitely built out my expectations
or eight Sean's character because this
this little section like I guess talent
H on has has been built up so
technically it's not an ass pool it
doesn't come out of nowhere because he
has been training this and he has been
under a lot of constant matches recently
with all these top players and he's been
forced to learn so I liked how H on as a
character is developing these different
moves and being able to predict where
the ball will go before even lanza gets
hit let's freakin badass when you see
the percentages pop up with the
different probabilities of where the
ball will go that was amazing i love
baby steps I do I love this series this
is a good freaking series i'm seriously
i mean i don't know a lot a lot of
people will not watch this series that
the only way i can see why people
actually do not like the series is
because of the animation animation would
be a lot better but i love this honestly
I want me straight out honest here I
love baby steps a lot more than IQ I do
honestly I do that is how much i love
this i love baby steps so i can't wait
for next week I really can't because
next week is going to be so badass
especially what we find out will happen
next week I don't know who is gonna win
I hope hm wins but we really don't know
but there's so much tension in that last
point and that last ball is like what's
going to happen so anyways ever I tongue
your faults on this episode of baby
steps pledge evil about those emotions
let me know in the comments below I love
all of you so much and let me know what
is your favorite moment about this
episode if I had to say what I would
rate this episode I wanted to give it an
eight out of ten it was a fucking good
episode it was so everybody all of you
be safe chibi outs